[Music]
welcome to the breakdown we break down
all the missed ups now gotta warn you
guys if you don't like clowns watch on
your own discretion because we are about
to see one of the scariest looking
clowns and the entire galaxy
mater a bunch of people in the most
gruesome ways possible you can easily
find this movie on Netflix so don't let
spooky spoil it for you if that doesn't
matter for you then stay tuned so we can
see a clown get down if you want to see
what happens including all the messed up
parts stay tuned for the breakdown the
movie starts off with a very small TV
with a very big message or rather a TV
show where a host named Monica is
talking to the lone survivor of a very
bloody massacre ouch
whoever did this to her face is
literally scarred her more than
physically which is evident in her
interview the attacker is identified as
part of the clown who is said to have
died on the scene hmm well if that was
the case it was like someone used the
Dragon Balls to wish him back to life he
kicks the screen and then he suits up
like Batman did and look at those teeth
those are just ludicrously scary apart
from the teeth looks like art has lots
of tricks ready for a night of terror
then we cut to Monica on her dressing
room talking on the phone but also
recalling what we didn't get to see
because art is disrespectful the TV's
turns out that this figured woman went
crazy on air something that causes
Monica to be a complete [ __ ] to the
woman talking bad about her appearance
this she hears a noise and honestly I
can't shake the thought that it was the
shake that made it she investigates
pulling clothes and finding nothing but
instead she gets attacked by that
disfigured woman completely brutalizing
her face as we see pictures of where
Monica won't look like again well sorry
Monica but be apathetic next time or you
get a taste of your own medicine
then the disfigure woman laughs evil and
crazy like and then title screen we cut
the two girls dawn the blonde in Tara
the protect
who probably just left a pretty wild
Halloween party
dawn is drunk and in the meantime I'm
looking for keys or the clown comes up
walking down his hood Tara notices but
instead of getting the [ __ ] out of there
into hail naw city dawn wants to give
him a massive murder boner then they
take one look away only to look back to
see that art knows Instant Transmission
later the girls stop at a restaurant
flaunting their horror movie character
tropes to each other but then art the
Klan walks in looking like a hood clown
then he goes even worse and turns into a
perverted clown oh no it's time to move
to another city Tara is so a treat by
the scary ass clown
while I'm ready to burn it with a
Mathura suit fire Don makes it worse by
taking a picture but he is too busy
imagining how [ __ ] Atari is why the
[ __ ] are you still here she's dumber
than Android 18 ok ok sorry uh enough
weed jokes but looks like art wants to
rub one out after staring at sexy ass
tar for too long while tourists stares
at his murder bag the owner of that
piece of place drags art out and kicks
him out of the place looks like he
really their road went out well later
the girls leave his will going back to
the car but finding a tire has been
sabotage we didn't see exactly what art
did which is vandalized the bathroom
with piss and all types of poop action
ok that's really gross so let's come
back to Terra Terra calls her sister
Victoria to come pick them up and only
accepts because she doesn't want to
watch her drunk roommate have fun with
her boy toy then we cut to the worker
that is cleaning up all that poop and
piss he calls out for his boss but finds
him missing his body this like are
decapitated him and fashion his hair to
look like a Jack Leonard art chases out
to the worker cutting off his hand and
then stabbing him in the cheek his
gruesome murder being stabbed in the
face is being intercut with the two
girls talking and we finally see that
this worker is gonna get a closed-casket
funeral well now we're back with the
girls tarah really has the peepee so she
talks to this custodian to ask if he can
lead her to the
bathroom well this is the bathroom I
think I'd rather go do it in an alley
meanwhile in the car Don here's a news
report about the to pee so plays murders
we just saw and they even know the
killer is a clown damn they were fast
while she looks at pictures of the
possible killer
tarah comes back into the car it oh your
[ __ ] now before we see anything we cut
directly to Tara who thinks it's a good
idea to investigate this abandoned
building and put herself into danger she
gets surprised by an eccentric woman
with a baby the woman thinks they are
neighbors so Tara shakes the spot she
rushed to the front but freezes and
responds to single beautiful painted
masterpiece aka art he scares her which
helps her activate super Sam to get away
I wouldn't want my name in the
obituaries either she hides behind cars
but we know art is just toying with her
while she lives for him he stabs her in
the leg twice causing her to slap him in
the face twice he starts suffocating her
going to being tried to brutally push
her Eisen but she stabs him and escapes
he loves this dope I mean look at this
evil man's grin she throws a distraction
like she's Sam Fisher tell me to come
and see to get that reference but then
we cut to Victoria who is coming to pick
up her sister she also hears on a radio
about the brutal crimes that happened at
the piece of place back Ouattara she is
trying to escape but the building is
locked so she goes upstairs to find
somewhere to hide she finds that the
custodian is working but he is too lost
in the sauce to her and she gets
surprised and grabbed by art the clown
art brings out a syringe and uses it to
make tower pass out taro wakes back up
bound and her first sight is seeing a
bloodthirsty psycho on the right what a
terrifying figure he is and he is loving
showing her that he could brutally kill
her at any time he think goes in front
because he's got something special to
show her her friend doc dam more sensory
I'm starting to hate titties and he then
uses the saw to cut her from the inside
of her legs all the way down to her damn
mouth
like damn this is easily a crazy
fucked-up dick I'm so sorry you have to
go all the way through that done but the
show must go on despite being shot from
the morbid display tarah gets angry and
breaks out of the chair
dick slapping art she then stabs him in
the back once only once well anyway she
grabs a block and uses it to combat art
getting plenty of good hits in ok Ronda
Rousey it might be a good idea to get
the [ __ ] out of here because I bet you
didn't know that art was trapped damn he
to mega he then shoots her in the side
as she crawls and it looks like Tyra
story is over because she then is shot
in the face well it really it looks like
she got shot in the cheek but she ain't
dead yet so art goes to find some ammo
to finish the job
meanwhile Victoria takes Dawn's phone
looking for her sister
art sees this and lures Victoria around
the back by pretending to be done he
then takes the phone and shoots a selfie
with Dawn's body he goes to Turin
shooting her in the head but he ain't
finished because he didn't rudely shoots
her multiple times in the face which we
see is being watched by that dog lady
looks like art listen go though so she
runs away and finds the custodian
creeping him out with her weird antics
for her to call the police he pushes her
away but instead of the cops he calls
his friend before he can talk though are
the clown pops up telling the custodian
to go to sleep
he then destroys the phone in a crazy
manner back with the doll lady she goes
back to her living space to find her dog
missing she later finds that is being
held by art but no matter how scary it
is a mother is gonna try to get her baby
back she then asked if he's ever had a
mother's touch and gives it to him which
gets him sucking on his finger later we
see Victoria hearing Dawn's phone
ringing but instead of the two girls she
finds a very gruesome murder scene she
runs away
then here's a scream in the background
thinking is tarah see investigates and
finds a hurt lady on the floor is that
doll lady nope
this is doll lady who had her breasts
skin and hair cut off that was me that
yep
art is a sick [ __ ] Victoria runs away
and we see how sick and evil art is as
he walks around like a lady Victoria
highs but as she's hiding the custodians
partner looks around to find his friend
he finds bloody shoe prints that lead
him to find the doll but then art comes
and stabs him in the brain and then he
literally decapitated a man easily
pulling his head off and then kicking
the head Victoria gets out of hiding
trying to escape his art plays jigsaw oh
she looks around the right and festive
building but then she gets suffocated
with plastic by art trying her hardest
to fight back she brilliantly tears the
bag she then grabs a nail and drives it
through arts feet next Victoria finds
Tara's dead body
what a sad way to go as the sister more
she gets tortured by art with his
improvised multi tailed whip while he
slashes her many painful times the
custodian who woke up from his nap
literally drops art like it was nothing
the custodian drags Victoria away so
they can call the cops but it kind of
sounds like the cops are a little lime
no automated as the cops come the two
survivors try to escape but art calms
and drops the custodian he then brutally
stomped on his head several times and
wished the last stunt completely
destroys his face Victoria tries to
break that lock meanwhile and she
succeeds but has grabbed again by art in
return she stabs him in the eye
she runs a waste weezing through a lot
door but are completely toys with the
broken girl art escapes but actually he
gets in a truck and bust through the
door which also impacts Victoria right
as the police come art is seen literally
eating Victoria's face they tell him
freeze but it's still a drop in the soap
he would rather go to hell and shoots
himself the police examined the scene
and see that Victoria is still alive but
barely breathing then we see some cops
delivered the dead bodies to a war
worker he sees the destroyed head of the
custodian and then he checks out the
next body art who seems to be smiling at
him then suddenly the lights flicker but
the worker has balls of steel nothing
would prepare him though for the
resurrection of art who rises up
literally from the death to kill the man
who collected the dragonballs for this
guy
the movie answers we see that one year
has passed and Victoria has finally got
out of the hospital after the encounter
next it's revealed that the girl from
the beginning was actually Victoria
meaning that we were watching the future
from the beginning okay
well art the clown was easily a very
scary living clown in my opinion a lot
scarier looking than Pennywise now that
we've seen how brutal and undead clown
can be let's talk about the mostess 3rd
moment and most enjoyed moment in that
spooky stuff
[Music]
okay so let's get right into it the
mostest third moment is easily for me
the cutting in half done it was just a
really gory scene the watched and I'm
sure she was probably suffering to the
end but at least Terra gave a good fight
before she exited the script to the most
enjoyment for me was probably I don't
know maybe the beginning when Victoria
had brutalized Monica that's what you
get for talking bad about Solon I guess
and that's it I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and if you did make sure you
click on that like button also if he
knew
check out these plenty of history films
that I got set up for you right here
thanks for watching spooky out